Add docs on renaming clusters in cloud (#1894)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/cloud/configure-cluster.md

* `by_size`: This strategy will rebalance the shards based on their size only. It will ensure that shards are evenly distributed across nodes by size, but the number of shards may not be even across all nodes.

You can deactivate automatic shard rebalancing by deselecting the `rebalancing_strategy` option. This is useful if you want to manually control the shard distribution across nodes.

## Rename a Cluster

You can rename a Qdrant Cluster from the Cluster Details page in the Qdrant Cloud console by clicking the pencil icon next to the cluster name.

> Renaming a cluster does not affect its functionality or configuration, the ID and URLs of the cluster will remain the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renaming a cluster does not affect its functionality or configuration. The cluster's unique ID and cluster URLs will remain the same.
```
